Update the README for all projects (#195)
FuelLabs/sway-applications: escrow/README.md

## Overview

> An escrow is a neutral third party that holds an asset on behald of two parties until a transaction has occured. Once the transaction has taken place the escrow can be resolved and the assets will be transferred as dictated by the contract. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An escrow is a neutral third party that holds an asset on behalf of two parties until a transaction has occurred. Once the transaction has taken place the escrow can be resolved and the assets will be transferred as dictated by the contract. This escrow application handles the transaction between an on-chain and off-chain asset.
```

> Outside of the blockchain the asset can be pretty much anything such as currency which will be used as a payment for a product or perhaps a deed to an estate. In the blockchain world it all comes down to 1s and 0s however those assets can be tokenized and logic can be coded into a contract to handle those cases but it still comes down to good faith outside of the blockchain to carry out the obligation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The off-chain asset can be anything the user desires. For example, some currency which will be used as a payment for a product or perhaps a deed to an estate. Within the blockchain world it all comes down to 1's and 0's, however, those assets can be tokenized and logic can be coded into a contract to handle different cases. But in the end, it still comes down to good faith outside of the blockchain to carry out the obligation.
```

> In this particular case the asset can be any native asset on the Fuel network and the transaction is considered to be between a buyer and a seller. At the moment, and for the foreseeable future, there is another party (the arbiter) in case there is a dispute that the buyer and seller cannot resolve amongst themselves. More information can be found in the [specification](./SPECIFICATION.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this application, the on-chain asset can be any native asset on the Fuel Network and the transaction is considered to be between a buyer and a seller. At the moment, and for the foreseeable future, there is another party (the arbiter) in case there is a dispute that the buyer and seller cannot resolve amongst themselves. More information can be found in the [specification](./SPECIFICATION.md).
```
